::: INTRO :::

Hello everyone nice to see so many of you here. Please set yourself comfortable, we are about to start. But before I'd like to say a couple of words about myself. My name is Ruslan I came from Russia where I worked in IT for ten years, I was a communication engineer, a technician, a head of IT department, a programmer and now I am here studying programming at Linnaeus University. A couple of things you are probably would like to be aware of : I am not that talkative person so if at some point I become silent - don't worry, it's absolutely normal, I am trying to find proper words you need just to wait for a while. Also when I explaining something I  tend to go deep into unnecessary detail. If it happens just give me a sign. My wife usually does something like this. I'll wrap it up and we won't be there till midnight.

So let's get some stuff done, shall we? 

::: PLAN :::
For today I prepared a github reposotory. You can open it right now and follow me or copy with it later it's up to you. Today I will guide you trough the process of creating a Telegram messaging bot. And this is the plan:

We will talk a little bit about Telegram in general

Then I will explain basics of bot API

Then we will take a look at some useful tools 

and Finally we will create our own bot and teach him a couple of tricks

in the end I am quite sure there won't be any quesitons because everything is super simple, but you still have a chance to ask something, how I am doing for example.

Let's get started

::: TELEGRAM :::

So who uses it ? If you never tried it probably you should. I believe that it's one of the most advanced messengers for today.
It's free, open, secure, fast and packed with tons of features. 

It supports all the platforms, Windows, Linux, Mac, Chromebooks, Android, IOS, Even Windows Mobile - do you remember we had it some time ago. It supports everything. If your microwave owen is smart enough it also can send you messeges using Telegram. Since it is open you can even create your own messanger based on Telegram API. And the most important for us today - it support bots. Let's create one.

::: BOTS :::

Where should we start ? Any suggestions? Right - Documentation
... Telegram Bot API is very well documented. It explains how to get started much better than me.









